feat(cloudwatch-applicationsignals-mcp-server): add cdk mock project for ec2 … (#1598)
awslabs/mcp: samples/cloudwatch-applicationsignals-mcp-server/README.md

# CloudWatch Application Signals MCP Server Samples

> This directory contains samples used for testing the `get_enablement_guide` tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains samples used for testing the CloudWatch Application Signals MCP Server tools.
```
